>> Steve Kinney: So, before we go, I just
wanna spend a little bit of time to talk
about the pieces that we didn't
get a chance to use today.
So, this piece I'm holding right here is a
motor controller which by itself doesn't,
I mean it controls motors, but
that's only really interesting if
you have motors, which you do.
And so
there's a bunch of really cool things.
This workshop was slightly geared to
my interests with a lot of this stuff,
which is integrating a whole bunch
of web technologies together and
controlling it in the physical world.
But there's a whole other edge
of this community that is
kind of interested in actually
building robots, right?
Turning some wheels, moving a claw,
stuff along those lines.
JSConf US, which has been not
happening for the last few years but
I believe it's happening again this year,
they had, it was a three day conference.
And what they did was
the first day was conference,
the second day was like a play day and
then the third day was conference again.
And you got to see all the interesting
things people are doing on the robot side.
So there was no bots,
like turning some wheels,
moving some claws,
stuff along those lines.
But there was also node boats, right?
Which was basically boats
controlled by JavaScript, so
take all the fun electric stuff
we've been doing and then add water.
And then finally, just to kind of one up,
there's node copters right, but
finally there's also node rockets.
Which were JavaScript powered rockets.
There's also just a lot of fun stuff that
you can do along those lines as well.
There's other interesting things.
One of my friends, Cass Perch,
she has clothing where she's sewn in LEDs.
And there was one where based
on the sentiment analysis
of a tweet that you would send her,
her clothes would change different colors.
My friend Susan has meow shoes.
That's in our book,
Make a JavaScript Robotics which
show you how to make those as well.
So there's lots of other
interesting applications.
It's like, this has definitely been bent
to my interest which is like, playing
around the APIs, sending data out into
the data in and stuff along those lines.
But between pulling some of this
hardware stuff into clothing,
launching it into the sky,
having it roll around your office.
There's a lot of really,
really interesting stuff you can
do along those lines as well.
So now, again, the major part here
is seeing the flip side, right?
That we can hook in to third party
APIs and have stuff happen, right?
There are real-time APIs, but you could
also have a border loop that checks
the weather and flashes an LED red if
it's about to thunderstorm, right?
There's lots of different combinations
when you think about all the APIs out
there, and all the kind of crazy things
that you could do as you start to combine
all of these things, right?
And so, my job today was to kind
of show you some of the different
pieces individually in
small digestible chunks.
But hopefully if I've done my job well,
is that over the next days, weeks,
months, is that you will start thinking
about interesting combinations of things,
realize that you have
this suite of components.
You have all of the APIs on the Internet.
The ability to real time push information,
real time pull information.
Talk to web servers.
Pull information from web servers.
Send emails.
You can send text messages
with the Twilio API.
All the APIs that are out there
give you a whole bunch of
interesting combinations where you
can take the real physical world and
the Internet world and combine them
in really, really interesting ways.
So I hope this has been,
I had a lot of fun.
I hope this has been fun for you as well.
And I hope that, my real hope is gonna
come over the next few days, weeks, and
months as you start to create really
interesting things and send them to me.
Cool, thank you so much.
>> [APPLAUSE]